When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When we have commits that complete the implementation of the full task that can be moved to production and can be shown to others.
This represent one complete implementation

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
We want to manually pull the changes because we will want to pull the code when when our local code is at some logical end so that pull does not creat unnecessary bugs or some unexpected behaviour.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Branch is the label given to recent commit id on which we are working. Clone means to copy code with history from github to our local. Fork is like clone but work when we need to copy code with history from one github account to another

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It is beneficial as it help to know if we are ahead or behind of our local commit and by how many commits. It also then helps to pull the commits from the remote, merge into our local committed file and then the sync commit to the github again

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I could use dropbox or google docs but if multiple people will work on same file there will be fear of one's changes collaborating with other changes and then it can create bugs

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I would want to make changes in separate branch when i am working to something that is totally out of context to what i am presently doing, or when i want my master to work as it is fixing the bugs and side-by-side i want to work on a new feature that i want to show only when it is complete or works successfully. Otherwise working on one branch is very helpful

